extras/requestspinner.md, before:

---
layout: plugin

id: requestspinner
title: OctoPrint-RequestSpinner
description: Shows a little spinner in the web frontend when background requests are active
author: Gina Häußge
license: AGPLv3

# TODO
date: today's date in format YYYY-MM-DD, e.g. 2015-04-21

homepage: https://github.com/OctoPrint/OctoPrint-RequestSpinner
source: https://github.com/OctoPrint/OctoPrint-RequestSpinner
archive: https://github.com/OctoPrint/OctoPrint-RequestSpinner/archive/master.zip

# TODO set this to true if your plugin uses the dependency_links setup parameter to include
# library versions not yet published on PyPi. SHOULD ONLY BE USED IF THERE IS NO OTHER OPTION!
follow_dependency_links: false

# TODO
tags:
- a list
- of tags
- that apply
- to your plugin
- (take a look at the existing plugins for what makes sense here)

# TODO
screenshots:
- url: url of a screenshot
  alt: alt-text of a screenshot
  caption: caption of a screenshot
- url: url of another screenshot
  alt: alt-text of another screenshot
  caption: caption of another screenshot
- ...

# TODO
featuredimage: url of a featured image for your plugin

compatibility:
  # list of compatible versions, for example 1.2.0. If left empty no specific version requirement will be assumed
  octoprint:
  - 1.2.0

  # list of compatible operating systems, valid values are linux, windows, macos, leaving empty defaults to all
  os:
  - linux
  - windows
  - macos
---

**TODO**: Longer description of your plugin, configuration examples etc. This part will be visible on the page at
http://plugins.octoprint.org/plugin/requestspinner/

Commit message:

Some file cleanup and preparation of publishing on repo

extras/requestspinner.md, after:

---
layout: plugin

id: requestspinner
title: RequestSpinner
description: Shows a little spinner in the web frontend when background requests are active
author: Gina Häußge
license: AGPLv3

date: 2015-06-20

homepage: https://github.com/OctoPrint/OctoPrint-RequestSpinner
source: https://github.com/OctoPrint/OctoPrint-RequestSpinner
archive: https://github.com/OctoPrint/OctoPrint-RequestSpinner/archive/master.zip

follow_dependency_links: false

tags:
- ui
- ajax

screenshots:
- url: /assets/img/plugins/requestspinner/requestspinner.png
  alt: The request spinner in action
  caption: The request spinner in action

featuredimage: /assets/img/plugins/requestspinner/requestspinner.png

compatibility:
  octoprint:
  - 1.2.0
---

The Request Spinner Plugin puts a little spinner icon in the lower left corner of the OctoPrint web interface whenever
there are active background requests via AJAX in progress. That provides a bit of feedback about how long your actions
take to get processed by your server and gives you some more indication if stuff is actually happening or not.
